Add catalog description (#4246)
layer5io/layer5: README.md

<br /><br /><br />
</p>

<p style="clear:both;">
<h2><a href="https://layer5.io/projects/catalog">Meshery Catalog</a></h2>
<a href="">

>   <img src=".github/assets/images/catalog/catalog.svg"

Reviewer: @goldfishdolphin does this same logo version work in both light and dark modes? I'm not suggesting that it does or doesn't. I'm just confirming.

Author: It is a two-tone logo that works fine in dark and light mode. 
This image has been recommended by @leecalcote for the catalog card on the projects page.

Reviewer: Ok. 👌

style="float:left;margin:10px;" width="125px"
alt="Meshery Catalog" align="left" />
</a>

> <a href="">Meshery Catalog</a> is the ultimate solution for DevOps engineers looking to optimize their cloud native infrastructure configurations and operational patterns. As a central hub for sharing cloud native infrastructure designs, Meshery Catalog enables the exchange of the best practices, reusable templates, and Kubernetes-based operational patterns for multi-cluster Kubernetes clusters and distributed applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="">Meshery Catalog</a> As a central hub for sharing cloud native infrastructure designs, Meshery Catalog enables the exchange of the best practices, reusable templates, and Kubernetes-based operational patterns for multi-cluster Kubernetes clusters and distributed applications. Meshery Catalog serves as a marketplace full of curated cloud native infrastructure configurations and operational patterns perfect for DevOps engineers who seek to leverage and contribute to Meshery's large collection of design patterns.
```
